Manchester City's Barclays Premier League title hopes hang by a thread after Liverpool gained a measure of revenge for Sunday's League Cup final heartache with a 3-0 triumph at Anfield.

Liverpool were beaten in a Wembley shoot-out, but Jurgen Klopp's side soothed their penalty pain by completing a top-flight double over a City side who remain 10 points off the summit after a third league loss in a row.

Goals late in the first half from Adam Lallana and former City midfielder James Milner illuminated an opening period that had otherwise felt very much like a hangover from the weekend's encounter for both teams.

City were fourth when they previously won the League Cup in 2013/14 - as they are after Wednesday's loss - and subsequently went on a storming run to claim the league title at Liverpool's expense, but a repeat this season looks highly unlikely after Roberto Firmino dished out further punishment 12 minutes into the second half.

Despite having a match in hand, City's hopes of being crowned champions look slim, while Liverpool are now only six points behind them.

The visitors' weekend spot-kick hero, goalkeeper Willy Caballero, was replaced by regular number one Joe Hart as Manuel Pellegrini made three changes, while Klopp switched out five and handed a first BPL start since May 2014 to long-term injury victim Jon Flanagan, but there was no Daniel Sturridge.

Fernandinho, who scored for City at the weekend, headed just wide from David Silva's early free-kick, while Firmino's long-range effort was straightforward for Hart in a sluggish opening 20 minutes.

Former Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling tried to spark the contest into life, but his looping 25-yard strike lacked accuracy as Simon Mignolet - making his 100th Premier League appearance - waved it wide.

Even the usually dangerous Sergio Aguero, who saw two jinking runs ended inside the box before he could get a shot away, was failing to make an impact.

But Lallana - who missed his penalty in the final - showed the City striker the way in the 34th minute, collecting the ball 40 yards out before advancing towards goal and unleashing a low shot that skidded past Hart as the England goalkeeper dived to his left.

Hart was beaten again before the interval when Milner gathered Firmino's pass and darted in to toe-poke a finish into the bottom-right corner.

Aguero then saw a point-blank header forced off the line by Milner amid suspicions of handball as the hosts took a two-goal advantage into the break.

Liverpool won 4-1 at the Etihad Stadium in November and looked hungry for more in a second half that saw Wilfried Bony replace Sterling.

The third arrived when a mistake from Nicolas Otamendi ultimately led to Lallana playing in Firmino to prod the ball home.

City's frustration was evident, as Jesus Navas went into the referee's notebook after a tangle with the impressive Lallana.

But a more constructive response was not forthcoming, as the away side were left without a win at Anfield since 2003 and quite possibly out of the title race in Pellegrini's farewell season.