Wayne Rooney continued his return to form at Anfield on Sunday, striking 12 minutes from time to earn Manchester United a 1-0 win against their arch rivals Liverpool.
Though the visitors were indebted to their goalkeeper, David De Gea, for a string of fine saves, it was Rooney who decided the contest when he reacted quickest to the rebound after Marouane Fellain's header had rattled the crossbar, ensuring United sealed a fourth consecutive victory over the Merseyside outfit.
Liverpool, still looking for consistency under Klopp, had the better of the first-half chances but were made to rue missed opportunities by Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson.
Louis van Gaal's men showed little sign of the renewed attacking vigour on show during Tuesday's 3-3 draw at Newcastle United but when Fellaini climbed highest to head a Juan Mata cross against Simon Mignolet's crossbar, Rooney made the most of sloppy Liverpool defending to hammer in the winner and maintain his goalscoring streak.
After a slow start to the season by his standards, Rooney has now scored five goals in his last four outings, leaving Klopp and his Liverpool side to lament their lack of killer instinct.
While United were unchanged from Tuesday's draw on Tyneside, Liverpool brought in Lucas Leiva for Jordon Ibe following their 3-3 draw against Arsenal.
And, amid a frenetic start, the Brazilian's clever pass allowed Lallana a header on target before Roberto Firmino sent the rebound wide following a smart stop from De Gea.
The two sides cancelled each other out for the first half-hour but the match came to life when Henderson fired wide after neat interplay involving Lucas and Firmino.
United's difficult half ended with Ashley Young limping off - the full-back replaced by Cameron Borthwick-Jackson three minutes before the break.
Liverpool remained the more vibrant in possession but allowed Rooney to burst clear on goal after hesitation from Nathaniel Clyne, only for the attack to peter out.
At the other end, De Gea saved Emre Can's low drive with his legs as the chances began to flow, Martial the next to go close when he dragged a shot wide before the hour mark.
In the final half-hour, Henderson side-footed a shot straight at De Gea from the edge of the area, while the Spaniard was called upon again to deny Can and Firmino in quick succession.
Van Gaal introduced Memphis Depay and Juan Mata, last season's two-goal hero in this fixture, with the latter’s delivery leading to the match's defining moment on 78 minutes.
Fellaini showed his aerial threat, with Rooney reacting smartly to drive past Mignolet and secure a win that takes United up to fifth place in the Barclays Premier League table.