Sadio Mane came off the bench and scored twice to help Southampton battle back from two goals down to beat Liverpool 3-2 at St Mary's Stadium.
The Senegal international was available to manager Ronald Koeman after having his red card against Stoke City last weekend overturned and put in an impressive performance after coming off the bench at half-time.
Mane, who missed a penalty shortly after the interval, atoned halfway through the second period by pegging back the visitors. Graziano Pelle levelled for Southampton with seven minutes left and there was more drama to come as Mane scored the winner in the 86th minute.
Liverpool - who were without the injured Roberto Firmino and Jordan Henderson - looked to be cruising at 2-0 up thanks to goals from Philippe Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge in the first half, but were left to rue what could have been as their top-four ambitions took a blow.
Virgil van Dijk headed just wide in the sixth minute after a dangerous corner from the left, before Shane Long had a penalty claim turned down after being tackled by Dejan Lovren.
Pelle then volleyed over the crossbar after a quick one-two with Steven Davis, with Long's shot blocked by Lovren shortly after as Southampton pushed hard for the opener.
Yet it was Liverpool who went a goal up against the run of play when Coutinho found the net in the 17th minute. The Brazilian picked up the ball down the left after Southampton lost possession in midfield, cut inside and beat Fraser Forster with a sublime long-range strike that curled low beyond the England goalkeeper.
Things got worse for the home side five minutes later as the visitors struck again via Sturridge. Divock Origi set up his fellow forward inside the box after yet another quick breakaway and Sturridge beat Forster with a left-footed strike into the far corner.
Liverpool continued to cause Southampton all kinds of trouble with their counter-attacks and Forster came out on top after a one-on-one with Joe Allen, who also had a goal ruled out for offside.
Southampton had the perfect chance to pull one back early in the second half when East awarded them a penalty following a foul from Martin Skrtel on Pelle but Simon Mignolet pulled off a superb save to deny Mane from the spot.
But Mane did find a way past Mignolet just after the hour. A poor touch from Jon Flanagan allowed Pelle to set up his team-mate inside the area and he beat Mignolet with an emphatic finish into the right corner.
Christian Benteke, who had come on to replace Sturridge, missed a gilt-edged opportunity to restore his side's two-goal lead when he shot just wide with 15 minutes left.
The hosts fought hard and were eventually rewarded for their courageous display in the 83rd minute when Pelle shot home from the edge of the box to make it 2-2.
The home fans were sent into raptures when Southampton netted a winner as Pelle eventually found Mane following a wayward clearance from Mignolet and he coolly slotted in to complete an incredible comeback that prompted Koeman to charge down the touchline and celebrate with his players.
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman: "I was so happy for the players. It was a must-win game, the same as last week. We are still fighting for a European place, that is what we want.
"I'm proud of the team. We had a great spirit after half time and it was hard to manage it after 45 minutes."
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp: "The first half we played brilliant football, we have to close the game out. You have to accept in the second half they controlled the game. They scored three goals, we didn't, that is how football is."