Christian Benteke converted a penalty deep into stoppage time as Liverpool came from behind with 10 men to beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Palace were on course for a first Barclays Premier League triumph in 12 attempts, and their fourth in succession over Liverpool, when Joe Ledley fired in his first goal of the season in the 48th minute and James Milner was sent of for Liverpool with a second booking after the hour.
Nevertheless, Jurgen Klopp's team retained attacking intent that was rewarded when Palace goalkeeper Alex McCarthy lost his footing while making a 72nd-minute clearance to allow Roberto Firmino to slot home his eighth league goal of the season.
McCarthy, playing because of an injury to Wayne Hennessey, saved twice from Benteke, a subtitute, either side of Alberto Moreno striking a post as Liverpool made light of their numerical disadvantage.
Alan Pardew's side are the only top-flight team without a league win in 2016 and their misery was compounded when Damien Delaney slid in on Benteke in the fourth minute of added time to concede the spot-kick.
The Belgian made no mistake and sent McCarthy the wrong way to move Liverpool up to seventh, six points off Manchester City in fourth.
An injury to in-form striker Connor Wickham meant a start for Emmanuel Adebayor in the Palace line-up, while Klopp bolstered his defence with the returning duo Mamadou Sakho and Moreno.
Adebayor led the charge for Palace in the opening stages, teeing up Yannick Bolasie for a smothered seventh-minute opportunity before drawing a near-post save from Simon Mignolet then heading Pape Souare's cross against the crossbar.
Some nervous handling by McCarthy from a Liverpool corner almost allowed Divock Origi, who retained his place in the attack despite Daniel Sturridge's return to the squad, the chance to pounce.
Yohan Cabaye clipped Wilfried Zaha's pass into the side netting from 25 yards, and at the other end was relieved to see Milner's 33rd-minute free-kick deflected over after he had fouled Firmino.
The breakthrough came within three minutes of the restart, with Liverpool only partially clearing a Cabaye corner, allowing Ledley to crash in left-footed from the edge of the area.
Firmino and Origi had shots blocked as Liverpool looked to respond, but, moments after Klopp made an attacking change by introducing Philippe Coutinho in place of Flanagan, his side's prospects suffered a blow.
Milner had been booked for a robust first-half foul on Cabaye and, having been dispossessed on the edge of the Palace box, brought down Zaha to leave referee Andre Marriner with a simple decision of a second yellow card.
Scott Dann muscled in to prevent Origi waited to convert an Adam Lallana cutback in the 68th minute, but four minutes later Liverpool were level.
McCarthy slipped attempting a clearance and Firmino had a simple finish.
The Palace goalkeeper twice saved from Benteke, but, after Moreno had rattled an upright, the Liverpool striker was allowed to have the final word with his penalty, his first goal since December. Marriner made the decision to punish Delaney, to Pardew's dismay, having deliberated with his assistant.
