Daniel Sturridge scored twice for Liverpool in an action-packed 3-2 win over Aston Villa at Anfield.
The position of Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was eased as Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho combined to inspire a first Barclays Premier League win in five outings for the Reds.
Danny Ings was given the nod alongside Sturridge in the absence of the injured Christian Benteke, who missed playing his former side. It was another ex-Villa man in James Milner who gave Rodgers the perfect start when he opened the scoring with his first competitive Liverpool goal 66 seconds in.
The home side failed to build on their momentum, but Sturridge's first goal since returning from injury doubled the advantage on the hour and sparked a flurry of drama as Rudy Gestede inspired a fightback seven minutes later when he pulled one back.
Sturridge was again on hand to restore the two-goal cushion, finishing a delightful one-two with Coutinho. But Gestede's aerial prowess continued to pose problems and he reduced the arrears to ensure a nervy finale for Liverpool. Rodgers' men held on to keep Tim Sherwood and Villa winless in the league since the opening day.
Looking for their first home win since the victory over AFC Bournemouth, Rodgers could scarcely have hoped for a better start than Milner's second-minute goal, the quickest of the Barclays Premier League season so far. The vice-captain controlled a Coutinho pass and fired left-footed beyond Brad Guzan. 
The opening stages belonged to a buoyant Liverpool side clearly enthused by Milner's early strike. But Gestede, in for the injured Gabriel Agbonlahor, proved a threat throughout and shot wide after a careless clearance from Emre Can before the half-hour, while a deflection denied Ashley Westwood a strike on target.
For all their dominance, Rodgers' men were made to sweat late in the half, but began the second period on the front foot with Milner forcing a save from Guzan.
Nathaniel Clyne saw his follow-up attempt thwarted before Coutinho's free-kick from the edge of the box was collected well by the Villa goalkeeper.
Rodgers' side had their second when Sturridge conjured a stunning strike past Guzan with the outside of his boot after clever interplay with the impressive Milner.
After making his return from long-term injury problems in the draw against Norwich City last weekend it marked his first goal since March.
Any Liverpool momentum was curtailed by Gestede's close-range strike on 66 minutes. The danger was short-lived for the hosts, however, as Sturridge had his second a minute later, collecting a neat Coutinho backheel before finishing past Guzan.
But Liverpool again made life difficult as Gestede produced a powerful header to give Villa hope.
They could not find an equaliser and Sturridge almost claimed a hat-trick late on when he shot just wide after linking with Ings. Liverpool held on to earn their first home win over Villa since 2010.