Jermain Defoe struck with a minute to play as Sunderland mounted an incredible comeback to claim a 2-2 draw against Liverpool in the Barclays Premier League at Anfield.
Despite having coach Jurgen Klopp laid low by a bout of suspected appendicitis in the build-up and first-half injuries to Joe Allen and Dejan Lovren, the impressive Roberto Firmino looked to have helped the Merseysiders to three points.
Having headed his side into the lead, the Brazilian turned provider for Adam Lallana with 20 minutes remaining before things turned sour for the hosts.
Adam Johnson reduced the arrears with a low, curling free-kick past former Sunderland goalkeeper Simon Mignolet before Defoe stunned the Reds with his 89th-minute leveller.
On his first Sunderland start, Wahbi Khazri made the chance for Defoe, who earned Sunderland an unlikely point in a contest Liverpool looked to have had sewn up.
While Sam Allardcye, the Sunderland manager, recalled Duncan Watmore and handed Khazri his first start for the Wearsiders, Liverpool's only change was Allen in to replace Lucas Leiva in midfield.
The hosts' recent injury troubles have been well documented and they were dealt an early blow when Lovren was forced off.
After Kolo Toure replaced the Croatia international, Liverpool enjoyed the fixture's first spell of pressure as Alberto Moreno delivered a dangerous cross before having a low effort saved by Vito Mannone.
Sunderland were then forced into a change as Dame N'Doye replaced Watmore after the winger landed awkwardly on his right foot.
Firmino sent two efforts over the crossbar from distance before the break but Liverpool's frustrations continued as Allen limped off injured before half-time and was replaced by Jordon Ibe.
Ibe added much needed pace and trickery as Liverpool remained on the front foot after the interval, Firmino going close again before eventually getting on the scoresheet.
The Brazilian peeled away from his marker and diverted James Milner's deep left-wing delivery back across goal on the hour to break the deadlock.
Patrick van Aanholt found the side netting when clean through on goal but Firmino showed endeavour to hound Billy Jones into a mistake before selflessly squaring for Lallana to tap in and seemingly settle matters.
But the visitors roared back as Johnson gave Sunderland hope with a free-kick that crept past Mignolet at the goalkeeper's near post.
And, after strong running from Van Aanholt and Khazri down the left, Defoe turned smartly and finished clinically to earn Sunderland the most unlikely of points to the delight of the travelling supporters.
The point leaves Sunderland in 17th place, four points above bottom side Aston Villa and the same distance from safety, while Liverpool lie ninth, 10 points adrift of fourth place.