Scott Dann's header eight minutes from time earned Crystal Palace a 2-1 win over Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday as Jurgen Klopp suffered his first defeat in charge on Merseyside.
A month since his appointment as manager, Liverpool's steady progression under Klopp was curtailed by goals from Yannick Bolasie and Dann either side of Philippe Coutinho's equaliser as Palace continue to prove tricky opposition for the hosts.
In front of watching former captain Steven Gerrard, the hosts' late pressure failed to yield a breakthrough as Palace secured a third consecutive Barclays Premier League victory over their hosts and their fourth away league win of the season.
Despite losing forward Dwight Gayle to a hamstring injury in the days before the contest, Palace started strongly with well-timed challenges from Emre Can and Sakho required to deny Wilfried Zaha and Yohan Cabaye early on.
Direct running from Jordon Ibe - who retained a starting place following his midweek winner in the UEFA Europa League - helped ease the pressure until Bolasie made the most of sloppy Liverpool defending 21 minutes in.
After&nbsp;hesitant play from Alberto Moreno, Can then failed to clear inside the box, allowing Bolasie to end Palace's wait for a goal in open play, their first since the same man hit the back of the net against West Bromwich Albion on 3 October.
The opener sparked Liverpool into life, Coutinho's effort saved by Wayne Hennessey following good play from Ibe before the Palace goalkeeper kept Martin Skrtel's header out.
The withdrawal of in-form defender Mamadou Sakho due to injury appeared to have compounded a frustrating half for the hosts but Coutinho restored parity before the break with a slick equaliser.
Ibe found Nathaniel Clyne down the right, the full-back's cross diverted into Coutinho's path by Adam Lallana, with the Brazilian scoring for the second BPL match running.
Christian Benteke threatened with an effort from inside the box early in the second half before former Liverpool defender Martin Kelly snuffed out a Coutinho opportunity while Palace too looked dangerous going forward in a breathless second half.
Bakary Sako found the side-netting while Dann would prove the match-winner in the latter stages, seeing a header saved by Simon Mignolet before reacting quickest to nod home the rebound as Palace leapfrogged their opponents to move into eighth place in the table.